index.markdown, before:

---
title: Hello
hero:
  headline: Page Hero Headline
  textline: Page Hero Textline
  cta:
    color: yellow--brand
    text: Page Hero Button Text
blocks:
- type: letter
  headline: Why 90% of Startups Fail
  body: "Did you know that 90% of startups fail because of premature scaling? This
    is because:\n\n  *  They don’t know their audience. \n  *  They don’t have a working
    revenue model.\n  *  They haven’t created their own niche.\n  *  They simply don’t
    have a clear picture of their business.\n\nDue to these reasons, they recieve
    and spend too many invester dollars and can never pay back their debts.\n## Does
    this sound scary to you? \nIt doesn’t have to.\n"
- headline: Introducing the Idea Inquest
  body: |
    The Idea Inquest is a proven process that is all about eliminating your risk. It guarantees to save your time and money by answering three very important questions about your business idea:
    * **Who is your audience?**<br>
      Do you actually know how your audience talks, thinks, and feels about your idea and your industry?
    * **Will they actually care about your idea?**<br>
      Do they have enough emotional involvement in the problem your solving to actually pay for it? How much?
    • **What features or services should you actually create?**<br>
      What common problems or pains are your audience actually looking to solve? No assumptions, no guessing. Just real data.

    Want to learn exactly how the Idea Inquest works? [See the 5 step product tour of the Idea Inquest right now](#).
- headline: Get started for free with the simple Idea planning guide
  body: "Good ideas aren’t born overnight. They take patience, focus, and some tender
    love and care. Most importantly, ideas need a critical eye to ensure they’re simple
    enough to succeed.\n\n  > A complex system that works is invariably found to have
    evolved from a simple system that worked. A complex system designed from scratch
    never works and cannot be patched up to make it work.\n  > - John Gall\n\n![preview-image](https://www.knowyourcompany.com/assets/marketing/pubs-ac94851c9d781c8676854a126abcd73e.png)\n\nThe
    Idea Inquest planning guide gives you everything you need to validate your idea.
    It includes:\n* **The idea validation checklist.**<br>\n  Which takes you through
    all of the key questions you need to answer before you can call your idea business-ready.\n*
    **The audience pain exercise.**<br>\n  Which takes you through thinking critically
    about your audience, and whether or not you’re actually solving a problem for
    them.\n* **The worldview exercise.**<br>\n  Which helps you begin thinking about
    how your audience thinks and protects you from the problem of marketing to yourself.\n{%
    include nav.html %} \n"
- type: testimonials
  headline: Headline
  textline: Textline
  testimonials:
  - body: Simply put, we get more work done, quicker, and better. Productivity is
      up. Errors are down. Clients are happier.
    name: Patrick Sheffield, Moore Communications Group
  - body: Simply put, we get more work done, quicker, and better. Productivity is
      up. Errors are down. Clients are happier.
    name: Patrick Sheffield, Moore Communications Group
  - body: Simply put, we get more work done, quicker, and better. Productivity is
      up. Errors are down. Clients are happier.
    name: Patrick Sheffield, Moore Communications Group
- type: case-study
  headline: Headline
  textline: Textline
  caseStudies:
  - headline: Cheep Insurance
    textline: A new digital future for insurance
    body: The body
  - headline: Cheep Insurance
    textline: A new digital future for insurance
    body: The body
footer:
  cta:
    headline: Cheep Insurance Case Study
    textline: See how Cheep Insurance went from being a digital brokerage to being
      the first all-digital, self-serve insurance company in Nova Scotia and doubled
      their aquisition rate.
    image: "/uploads/17274445_10158417231525541_1161575438_n.jpg"
layout: index
---

Commit message:

Updated Homepage Hero Image and 18 other files

index.markdown, after:

---
title: Hello
hero:
  headline: What if you build something and no one buys it?
  textline: Less than 10% of startups survive 3 years. The Idea Inquest can make sure
    you spend your time & money wisely.
  cta:
    color: brand-yellow
    text: Page Hero Button Text →
  image:
    url: "/uploads/homepage_hero_image.png"
    caption: Case Study Preview
blocks:
- type: letter
  headline: Why 90% of Startups Fail
  body: "Did you know that 90% of startups fail because of premature scaling? This
    is because:\n\n  *  They don’t know their audience. \n  *  They don’t have a working
    revenue model.\n  *  They haven’t created their own niche.\n  *  They simply don’t
    have a clear picture of their business.\n\nDue to these reasons, they recieve
    and spend too many invester dollars and can never pay back their debts.\n## Does
    this sound scary to you? \nIt doesn’t have to.\n"
- headline: Introducing the Idea Inquest
  body: |
    The Idea Inquest is a proven process that is all about eliminating your risk. It guarantees to save your time and money by answering three very important questions about your business idea:
    * **Who is your audience?**<br>
      Do you actually know how your audience talks, thinks, and feels about your idea and your industry?
    * **Will they actually care about your idea?**<br>
      Do they have enough emotional involvement in the problem your solving to actually pay for it? How much?
    • **What features or services should you actually create?**<br>
      What common problems or pains are your audience actually looking to solve? No assumptions, no guessing. Just real data.

    Want to learn exactly how the Idea Inquest works? [See the 5 step product tour of the Idea Inquest right now](#).
- headline: Get started for free with the simple Idea planning guide
  body: "Good ideas aren’t born overnight. They take patience, focus, and some tender
    love and care. Most importantly, ideas need a critical eye to ensure they’re simple
    enough to succeed.\n\n  > A complex system that works is invariably found to have
    evolved from a simple system that worked. A complex system designed from scratch
    never works and cannot be patched up to make it work.\n  >John Gall\n\n![preview-image](https://www.knowyourcompany.com/assets/marketing/pubs-ac94851c9d781c8676854a126abcd73e.png)\n\nThe
    Idea Inquest planning guide gives you everything you need to validate your idea.
    It includes:\n* **The idea validation checklist.**<br>\n  Which takes you through
    all of the key questions you need to answer before you can call your idea business-ready.\n*
    **The audience pain exercise.**<br>\n  Which takes you through thinking critically
    about your audience, and whether or not you’re actually solving a problem for
    them.\n* **The worldview exercise.**<br>\n  Which helps you begin thinking about
    how your audience thinks and protects you from the problem of marketing to yourself.\n{%
    include nav.html %} \n"
- type: testimonials
  headline: Headline
  textline: Textline
  testimonials:
  - body: Simply put, we get more work done, quicker, and better. Productivity is
      up. Errors are down. Clients are happier.
    name: Patrick Sheffield, Moore Communications Group
  - body: Simply put, we get more work done, quicker, and better. Productivity is
      up. Errors are down. Clients are happier.
    name: Patrick Sheffield, Moore Communications Group
  - body: Simply put, we get more work done, quicker, and better. Productivity is
      up. Errors are down. Clients are happier.
    name: Patrick Sheffield, Moore Communications Group
- type: case-study
  headline: Headline
  textline: Textline
  caseStudies:
  - headline: Cheep Insurance
    textline: A new digital future for insurance
    body: The body
  - headline: Cheep Insurance
    textline: A new digital future for insurance
    body: The body
footer:
  callout:
    headline: Cheep Insurance Case Study
    textline: See how Cheep Insurance went from being a digital brokerage to being
      the first all-digital, self-serve insurance company in Nova Scotia and doubled
      their aquisition rate.
    image:
      url: "/uploads/example_footer_image.png"
      caption: Case Study Preview
    cta:
      text: See the case study →
layout: index
---
